Hello,
I’m from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where from
which city will you
support the special operation Yes, how
strong is the
power
Well, more powerful is not more powerful then who supports
already somewhere under the trick, your question is
how and how much you support the
special operation
Well, how to understand Well, how do you give money for a
special operation run
There  I just say to our boys,
for example, who are
you by nationality
and why are you Russian, do you
support Georgians, I see this special
military operation,
as it were, correctly And how long ago you are no
longer quite Georgian Moscow suburbs
, probably 5 years, five That is, when
Russia attacked Georgia, you were still
Georgian yes And they lived in Georgia
Russia attacked Georgia I was in
2008 who we were where you lived
in Georgia in Georgia where in which city
Tbilisi Tbilisi Yes, remember
2008 to give you Russia attacked
Georgia was such to me such was not
serious tanks  they didn’t enter Georgia,
they didn’t bomb the
mountain to the
territory of Georgia, they beat them with planes.
I remember these photos there is a man
Russia
attacked Georgia, why did it attack or not
?  your version Why do I
ask you And you don't want to answer And
what am I I answer
you because I dominate I force
you
born in Tbilisi I was born in the city of
Tbilisi in your grandmother where your grandfather was
born
city
Yes, this city is such a kind of district
Armenian
Yes yes
Well Georgian Armenian
or Armenian Let's So you are not Georgian
You are not just born in Georgia
I was born Georgia you  an Armenian from
Georgia who supports the Russian
occupation Awesome
cool
Yes, and what's next
It's just that I
unpacked I immediately know such tests
Why are you Why deception  whine Why did
you deceive
I
jumped out
you are not Georgians you deceived on purpose
you came
vypyos again I say again
Listen to me [ __ ] or how I don’t understand
you were born I was born in Georgia I
was exactly born in Georgia and if you were
born in Africa you would be like that  was an
African
And your child will be angry in Moscow who
will he be
if he is a Muscovite in Moscow But he will be
Georgians of Armenia Come on then you are
an Armenian who was born in Georgia
listen to me [ __ ] the child will be born in
Moscow yes where you live who will your
child be
in Moscow
Why if you  you say that you are an Armenian
born in Georgia in Tbilisi means Georgian
but your children if born in Moscow they
will be Muscovites
if an Azerbaijani is born in Armenia he
will be an Armenian
Yes he will be an Armenian Listen Wait Stop
it turns out Azerbaijanis who
were born in Armenia they are Armenians yes yes
Turks who wait for Turks  who
were born in Armenia they are Armenians
[ __ ] hell if a Ukrainian is born
in America
Italians Americans ir
Landers different nationalities Jews And if they are Jews It’s good if a Jew was born in Russia he is a Jew or a Muscovite Yes, look Why if Jews were born in Moscow He is a Jew And if you have an Armenian from your chest was born in Moscow I can’t understand why you if Wait wait if your child is in the union men and women Tell the men and women of Vasily and know which union I was born The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and you And where I was born in the USSR I was born in the USSR Yes, wait again, I can’t understand this topic Who is born where and how I’m not according to him and if you got infected, I don’t know. Here you were born in the USSR, no-no. I ask you, you were born, I don’t understand. I don’t understand some foreign words. It turns out that if you moved to the USSR and moved to Moscow, then he is Georgian. in Kyiv and moved to Moscow He is a Jew if they have children a Jew has a Jewish child an Armenian has a Georgian in Moscow a child Muscovite by nationality nifiga did not understand why this is not understood In short, he  child you don’t look if let’s do it like this if an Armenian lives in Moscow his child will be born by nationality if not so Wait if he was born in Moscow you got it, it’s very interesting. I really heard the ethnogenesis of Muscovites for the first time. a child will be born, he is a Muscovite if a Jew who was born in Kyiv in the Soviet Union came to Moscow, he had a child as a man put these two concepts in his head